so I'm gonna do a lamb biryani today
today I'm gonna cook a chicken biryani a
prawn biryani how Salam alaikum and
welcome to titli's busy kitchen with me
titli nihaan
Vicky friends I haven't forgotten you so
let me show you what a fakie self cos
I've got some frozen peas I've got a
carrot that I've cubed I've got half a
small cauliflower cut into little
florets I've got some sweet potato but
all my potato is fine too and I've got
some French beans these are frozen but
they were actually grown by me
personally for the rest of the
ingredients I've got 500 grams of
basmati rice 4 Tomatoes finely chopped 1
medium onion thinly sliced and 1 medium
onion finely chopped about 3/4 of a cup
or 180 males of a yogurt plain yogurt
here there's a teaspoon of chili powder
a teaspoon of cumin seeds a teaspoon of
mustard seeds half a teaspoon of
cinnamon powder and two cloves 3
tablespoons of cashew nuts and two green
chilies thinly sliced start by soaking
the rice in cold water for about 20
minutes and then draining it heat a
tablespoon of oil in the pan and add in
the spices
I'm fry for about 30 seconds after 30
seconds adding the chopped onion and
saute until light brown meanwhile heat 2
tablespoons of oil in the pan and put in
the sliced onions we're gonna cook these
gently to caramelize them
wonderful unions have started to go
brown around the gills and in the green
chile over tomatoes and cook this now
for that tenderness to produce the
tomatoes once the tomatoes have cooked
down turn down the heat and slowly add
in the yogurt
what's wrong with yogurt scene you can
add in their vegetables
stir well bring to the boil
season with salt and allowed to simmer
for about 10 minutes or until the
vegetables are tender
I'm just sliced onions are all nice and
brown turn off the heat and remove with
a slotted spoon put to one side voice
the vegetables are cooked turn off the
heat don't put to one side
now put your drained rice in a large pan
cover with water and bring to the boil
when the rice comes to the boil boil for
just 2 minutes meanwhile particularly
soft when strands into some very hot
water we're gonna use this to curl the
rice
then drain they were ready to construct
the biryani but about a third of the
rice in the bottom of a large pan add
I'm half the vegetables spread it around
but how about half the remaining rice
and the remaining vegetables then are
the remaining rice on the top now
sprinkle on the saffron water and cover
and place over a very very low heat for
just 5 minutes after 5 minutes do the
gentle mix then serve garnish with
cashews the fried onions and a little
chopped coriander serve with mint
brighter
that's quite a delicately spiced biryani
which allows the flavor of the
vegetables to come through so go forth
my veggie legions and make excellent
biryani join me next time in titli's
busy kitchen with me titli nihaan until
next time
Korda happen